All right, and we are back. In this lecture, we're
going to get to understand Reddit just a little
bit more, so we can understand how it works,
and of course, why it could be great for
getting traffic to your product or service.
Now, we've covered in passing quite a bit about
Reddit already. Reddit's byline is "the front page of
the internet" because it's essentially
a gigantic community generated forum.
When you first log in, you'll see what they call the
front page, which is for the day the most popular
posts from all over the website,
so it's effectively like the front page of a newspaper,
if the newspaper was Reddit, which would be a really
weird newspaper. Reddit, like all online communities,
has its own personality,
but it's often hard to generalize the entire group as
one thing. Since we know that Reddit is broken into
subreddits, also known as subs,
we can get the gist that it's really just thousands and
thousands of communities all under one header.
Each community could be entirely
different from another community.
My favorite thing about Reddit is what they call Rule 34 from their
list of rules somewhere. If it exists, there's a subreddit for it.
I challenge you to think of the most obscure thing
you do or hobby you know of and search to see if
it has a subreddit - it probably does.
Now, it's important to understand how
their system works. At a thousand feet,
it's just millions of people sharing images, stories,
jokes, and links that they thought might be useful
or add value to each individual
subreddit or subcommunity.
If it's good, people upvote it.
If it's bad and doesn't fit the vibe
of the group, it gets downvoted.
The more you strike a chord with your group,
the more upvotes and the more exposure.
So that's going to be the name of
the game in the next set of lectures.
How can we introduce our product or business without
going against the grain of the specific community
that we target in Reddit?
Remember, if you do this right, you can get millions of views.
There are entire venture backed startups
that started from one popular Reddit post.
Now, the best way to tackle this is in five steps.
First, we want to raise our Reddit IQ so we don't sound
like your friend's mom when she wants to sound cool.
Second, we want to find our communities where
we think our target customers are hanging out.
Third, we want to perch from a distance, wait, watch,
and mumble to ourselves softly. Fourth, we want to start
participating by inserting our wisdom where we can.
And lastly, we want to start creating our own posts.
Unlike in the last sections, we have to do a lot more
homework and we have to be a little more creative
if we're going to pull this off correctly.
Keep in mind, a bad post in Reddit
can still get you a handful of customers.
It's just the ones that are done semi-well can then get you
hundreds and potentially could be repeated in the future.
So go ahead, and if you haven't already,
go to Reddit.com and create an account.
It's free, because that would be sad
if you had to pay for memes.
It'll take five seconds. What do you name your account?
Well, I'll give you a hint.
Don't name it after your business.
When you first start posting on Reddit,
people will try everything they can to
figure out if you're what they call a shill.
So don't make their job easier.
In fact, if you're easily connected to your business
through like an About Us page or anything obvious
like your LinkedIn page,
then I would suggest using maybe something
like your first and middle name.
So instead of Evan Kimbrell, it's Evan Earl.
Yes, my middle name is Earl.
I'm over it and we are moving on.
Or, alternatively, you could just give
yourself any random name you can think of.
What's that incredibly embarrassing name of
the first email address you ever had?
Yeah, that one. Use it.
All right, we are set up and ready to move
on to the first step in Reddit domination.
Not really, but we're going to start.
See you then.